Yeah.
So when we're going into the code, when we are, when will be doing the DFC record and finding out
the visited Louis Times we visited discovered and lowest times of note.
So there is just a normal record of relation that I want you to understand that we're getting from something
to help.
It will help us speed up our time basically goal so that I'll go down vaccine over time.
So what's the thing that I want to discuss?
Is this there?
Lowest of.
But in.
That lowest of current norm is minimum of.
Lowest of.
It's.
There is x.
Well, just one thing.
So what is Louis O'Connor?
It is a minimum of lowest of its time notes.
And also it is like we can also say it is minimum of discovered of current old.
Well.
As it ended, the lowest, lowest of the current note will be equal to the discovered time of the current.
If there is no wreckage, that means the current will be the lowest.
Otherwise, if I am going to go back as that means, it will be the lowest of its download.
So here you begin to categorize it, releasing that low of current.
It's a minimum of.
Of.
Okay.
It's a regressive deletion rate low end low.
So we will be decoding this recursive relational.
Guys.
And when we get up, I guess we will update the name.
Well, I don't think there should be a problem in this.
So this is a debate that I am becoming part that we have to code disregards religion and memories.
Nothing.
Nothing big, guys.
Well, so let's start.
It's like quarter to maybe better just once would.
It's it is working or not because I made some changes yesterday to surgeons working.
So yeah.
So we will be, we have a graph, so let's take a graph hidden in populated tree.
The edges are not territory.
Let's take a good graph.
Let's take this one.
The third graph here.
Eight.
So how many note?
Seven nodes.
How many edges?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight it is.
Okay.
So now we can easily say that there were two packages in this.
One, two, two, three, one, three, two, four, four, five, five, six, six, seven and four,
seven.
This is my graph, right?
So generally what we do is let's take some posture and intend to make it really big.
And it's steak and it doesn't exist for this stuff.
Right.
And.
Take the two notes and.
Ladies.
So we are over here.
We are going to end in them.
Now, what we'll do is we will take the input.
Let's take the input.
Okay.
So we have images.
We'll see in.
It's X and Y, you'll see an X and Y.
And finally, what we'll do is we'll see a graph of accident.
Push back by.
And it's a addicted graph.
So we'll.
Simply take this back to a graph of why don't push back x is normal input.
I think I should make this in a bit over where I don't have to go do it again and again.
Pull.
As we know, we have to performative history and its performative history.
Right now I'm assuming that the graph is connected, so I just perform DFS from one by zero as it's
fitting, right?
But what are the things that we need?
We need.
Visitor data.
We need discovery.
We administrator discovery time.
We need the third record.
Lowest.
We just saw the lowest time and we need a fourth time.
We just equal time.
Of course, I.
Cool.
So let's start this DFS.
Let's perform this DFS.
Here we are on the Korean continent and.
This parent will be a parent, of course.
Rachel.
Initially, the painting did zero for one.
So this is all normal stuff, guys.
Give us normal height.
Whenever we reach a note, what we say is we.
Margaret, is visitor.
A visitor, let's market us.
But it has been visited.
You can also dig in bullion.
It doesn't matter.
Well, and whenever we return or whatever it is that the discovered time of the current node is equal
to the lowest time of the current note.
Is equal to the time that I have.
And then what we'll do is we'll simply increment their name up to this time plus plus.
So that whenever we go to a new note, time is already being reminded we'll save their time and increment.
What's better right to do this?
Like Boost Incremented would.
So what is this lane doing?
It is initializing their discover time and the lowest time equal to the current time they're going to
discover time.
Whenever I'm moving to a new node, I'm incrementing this time by one eight.
I just increment this way.
But.
So I hope this much is clear.
Q Why am I making it equal to the current time for no listing?
Because it has already been discovered that it is already being discussed.
They're the lowest of current will be equal to minimum of all it's sold and their discovery of current.
I'm already making it equal to their discovery of current will.
Now let's perform their DFS.
But Alteryx in a graph of current.
So I'm moving on all the change of eggs.
What will say what we do is if not visited eggs.
It's an almost stuff, right?
As if X is not visited.
That means it is a we have to visit it or we have to go to it for the office x and current rules.
Normal stuff, not big stuff they know.
And the second is, as more does this adds to it is a package that means right.
So we have one more condition.
We've already discussed enough of this.
It should not be going to parent.
The X is not equal to parent.
It is a package.
Well, normally do office right now really just like applying other things to it.
The first thing that we applied to it was discovered in listing of the current note.
Right after I founded the Office of X, we have like.
Here.
We have come to know.
Here we know.
No.
And.
Discovered of X.
We know that Luhan discovered times of x and we have already, but we have already gone to X calculated
it.
That's how that new programming on graph works.
We go to an order, calculate all of its stuff when we come back to the above node.
When we come back to the billion, then we calculated stuff using the stuff which was already calculated.
The lowest of current is equal to lowest minimum of lowest of all the tables.
So let me.
Market here that lowest of current is equal to minimum outflow of current common law of.
X Some of you might face some problems in this because it is an advanced topic, but I hope the logic
part is clear.
Some of you might be facing year y advisory done over here where it is hidden away.
And why not here?
For this I would recommend you are running a programming course where we have discussed a lot about
dynamic programming on trees, graphs with masking a lot of things.
Right?
If you're not able to get there, if you're planning on going, it's not that clear to you.
So it would be better if you created for us right there so we could debut on gaps.
So yeah.
So we performed the DFS, we went to X and Current and we say now at lowest of guarantee goes to minimum
of lowest of current government of x, lowest of current will have the minimum value among all of x
is will.
So the lowest part is done.
We have we are now we have not calculated the lowest value.
Who goes after this.
Okay.
So whenever we get a package, what we do is whenever we get a package, let's take an example.
We get a package.
What we do is whenever we get a package out of all the discovery times of those nodes, we take the
minimum eight.
What we say is low of current is equal to minimum off low of current.
Bomber discovered off.
Always while discovered over here because it's in baggage, which I wonder this morning, do we need
discovery time?
Okay.
So the lowest the low bar is done of calculating low.
The discovered is also done.
I hope you can easily understand it because it's not a big deal.
You know, only two lanes.
Only two lanes.
This and this right now is the time to calculate.
It's time to find out.
Bridges and our relation points.
Let's find out bridges.
But what we discovered in the bridges, it flew off.
X is greater than discovered of current.
Then it's a bridge.
We have a bridge between Xin.
Got it.
Right.
So let me, like, make a vector.
Feel right because this is a bridge.
So let's call it Bridges.
So it becomes bridges don't push back and let's push back.
Current antics at this edge between current and accuser Bridget Place.
And now let's talk about articulation points.
Because it will be very small.
It isn't that big.
Normally affairs with rulings about law.
Lois Lewis one notable one about discovered and finally making our conditions look.
So how do we figure it out?
Articulation boundaries should not be ruled, not how can we figured it out?
That it should not be ruled is one thought.
It has a unique bearing, which is zero.
Right?
So if.
If.
The rent is equal to zero.
That means it's a it not.
Right.
So what we want is it should not be equal to zero.
We didn't turn out to be equal to zero.
And Novak's it regretted any value discovered of current.
Hey, we're internally called zero and low effects.
You're not be greater than equal to current discovered of caring that means.
This continued can be a articulation point to let me.
This vector and.
It's better to take it.
Why?
Why do we need to take it?
Because of it.
I can have a node which can become articulating point multiple times, like five times during games.
How?
Let me explain you the letter.
I have a node which is one, two, three, four, five.
Look, this one is an articulation point because this surgery can come out.
This one is an articulation point we got.
This can also come out and so on.
So a note can be articulation point multiple times because it's many somebodies can be connect themselves
with.
Instead of pushing them back in a vector, let's push them in a set so that I just get distinct, identical,
unique nodes.
Well, so let's say articulation.
Points.
What we have here is we have articulation points.
Start, push.
It is an automation, but very simple.
It's not a big deal.
I discovered then we are failing law.
Then we are making our conditions and conditions that are also very related.
Here we have this greater than here we are greater than equal to a.
And so we have figured out articulation points.
We have figured out bridges.
We have figured out Lois Lane.
Now only one thing is left.
That is.
He got out, whether it is an articulation point or not.
Food is an articulation point or not.
So if period is equal to zero, that means it's a root node.
And it's down there means the number of giant.
Is greater than one.
That means it will be a articulation point.
So.
Not.
Bush couldn't wait.
So let's figure out how to get a little piece.
Let's take a variable called Child.
It's initially zero, but the number of times we are performing a dive is the number of times we going
to do an order which is not visited.
We will simply say child rest plus high number of times we are going to a new node.
We are traversing that such child of the current note eight and simply we have got the child after this
do this loop and.
Right.
We have experiences equal to zero.
It is a road node and trying to get to them and we're doing an articulation point.
The current will be an articulation point.
I knew written back good for this graph.
Let's build this once.
Let's say for all the mistakes.
So there are mistakes.
Well, instead, we don't push.
We insert buddy my bag on the.
Again.
Same thing.
So the algorithm.
So the code is running.
Let's.
Let's bring all the articulation points.
Pull this out.
X.
But to win for are the articulation point to.
So as you can see in this video, we can easily see that with an articulation point and for is an integration
.8..
And.
See this code will be provided to you.
But first of all, I would strongly suggest you that you try it yourself, because it's not a big deal,
guys.
Figuring out law is the easiest thing in this pool.
Now the second is let's bring the villages or two.
Ex in bridges it's been in the bridges code sort first.
You go to bed, right?
It starts taking.
So we have this edge which is between two win four, which is a great edge.
So only these edges averages.
Right.
Let's let's take this last example.
One, two, three, four, five.
And let's.
So there are five edges.
One, two edge.
Three edge.
To forage three forage.
And for you.
Right.
It's it.
Yeah.
So to win for that articulation points made because if I do disconnect within one disconnect from the
graph and if I remove four and five disconnects from the rest graph, a tree will not be in our regression
point because when doing four or five are connected.
And what are the bridges case?
The bridges are between four and five and went into exactly where getting the correct answers.
Well, he's very easy to obey.
Not a big deal.
And if you have a little problem and an input on the code and of course you can go over to the course,
we'll.
So thank you, guys.
I hope all of this is clear.
Like, it was a challenge to me that I have to.
It was so much of stuff in this out leg start from the AFSC, then packages generated worldwide programming,
then discovery time.
Lewis came late.
Although the desert is very small, the cord is very small.
Right.
But.
A lot of things are happening in this age.
So finally, let's discuss the tango laxity of the algorithm.
As I said, guys, this is these are the No.
One operations.
Not a big deal.
If I remove all of this, what we get is we are just performing a day of history or the complexity of
a day of history.
You guys.
Complexity over the industry is of.
And I hate the complexity of this DFS finding or relation point in bridges is often.
For now, I'm just ignoring the insurgent insertion into the state.
Well, that shouldn't be a problem.
So the complexity of the above code is often so.
And oftentimes we are finding out all the revision points in bridges in my graph of inverters is.
Good.
So thank you guys in the.
Next five.
Cool.